"why does ekans sound like a wet fart?" , invar 
"oh boy Got these new swimming trunks, they fit my ass like a fuckin' glove" , invar
"I would destroy my ass" , skyflair
"Maybe i just dont understand ass kissing. There must be a reason. Does his ass taste good?" , invar
"Somebody once told me,\nHeather's gonna roll me,\nArthur is a man with no heeaaad.\nUnderwear makes my legs numb.\nIt really makes me glumb,\n\nIn the shape, of a man, on the toilet.\nSo we start dancing and we dont stop dancing\n\nStand in the pool and we drown cause we're runnin,\nUnderstand that I am not insane, my pants get big, but my butt gets small\nGunning the deers, so lets all have a nice dinner.\nAlways know that you won't glow.\nReally guessed that this would work out.\n\nHEYNOWYOUREAROCKSTAR" , mebzerg
"There doesn't have to be anything sexual about licking feet." , mebzerg
"kup is dead we forgot to replace the batteries" , invar
"Haha yea" , xion
"Sugar is full of hot gasses" , invar
"Iriz por que eres noob" , idkup
"I like cargo pants. They're like the semi truck of the pants world." , invar
"I saw a handsome frog and had no choice." , invar
"IM STILL TRING TO GET SOME OF YOUR QUOTES BUT EVERYTHING IS PVP" , iriztha
"IM BORED" , iriztha
"im not a cow" , iriztha
"You ever look at a raw piece of meat and think 'I wanna eat that.'?" , invar
"You ever just... wonder what human tastes like?" , invar
"I wonder if I could have made him fight another poor player for a little change." , invar
"I was thinking of doing a system where you would have to buy your way into becoming an officer." , invar
"I'm sure we could hire one for pretty cheap, I think they prefer to be paid in beads and fur." , invar
"You've been tricked into thinking I was tricking you! Haha!" , invar
"If you liked my input, you'll love my output." , invar
"I like to think this is true, but mainly because I lack conviction." , invar
"I once woke up with a roach on the corner of my eye. I believe it was drinking excess eye water. I let the little guy drink up. Because I RESPECT bug types. Would you do the same? I think not. Do you know why? Because you are not a true bug trainer. You do not have the FORTITUDE and STRENGTH to do what it takes to be a master of insects." , invar
"You ever have those days when you look in the mirror and think 'How did god create something so fucking handsome?'" , invar
"Honestly you guys can just call dibs on my bodyparts. I'm an organ donor so I think you can legally just come take parts when I'm dead." , invar
"My ass is clenched" , scorpia
"Ill have the whole guild up my ass then" , crystalhunter
"I do want a stick, but not in my ass" , kaba
"#bringmegay" , midnightwatcher
"All those dicks will change a man.\nMakes you wonder why.\nWhy did it come to this? \nIs god so cruel that he would make me witness such vial sights? \nScar the very fabric of my being and sew it back together so poorly. \nThis world is not for me, a man who simply wishes to live his life without sight of other dicks.\nMaybe I should just end it all. That thought has come to me many times since that day.\nThe day I went to\nOmegle... end scene" , invar
"I guess you could say aqua was a sinking ship back then" , kaba
"Just turned on my laptop and heard a screeching squeaking  noise.\nWas like 'what the fuck is happening to my laptop?!'\nThen it kept going and it turned out to just be an angry chihuahua outside my window" , invar
"Being a dweeb means being a weeb in Discord and only in Discord" , aliceftw
"Mercy pls" , aliceftw
"you can't stop me from downlaoding puppies" , midnightwatcher
"JOKES ON YALL I DONT WEAR PANTS" , iriztha
"Dweebs aren't affected by such boundaries uwu" , aliceftw
"let the pure raw energy of the last second submit gods empower you" , midnightwatcher
"No.. no... I don't want to hear it." , skyflair
"uwu is dear to me" , aliceftw
"awegawe" , iriztha
"Ass salt should remain legalized." , mebzerg
"kup ill rip your ass off your face" , mebzerg
"ass sight 20/20" , mebzerg
"you can shove the sandwich bag up your ass" , mebzerg
"you're but a speck in comparison to my ass" , mebzerg
"I just felt something touch my ass, bet it was a ghost" , mebzerg
"HOW CAN PEOPLE NOT FEEL THE BREEZE ON THEIR ASS" , iriztha
"Im gonna piss in your shoes young lady" , mebzerg
"Gnarly tits dude" , mebzerg
"i just went straight from gay marriage" , mebzerg
"_slams ass on desk frustratingly_" , mebzerg
"it was okay, didn't really suck me" , mebzerg
"SEX IS NATURAL _hip thrust_" , mebzerg
"the gays are devious" , mebzerg
"dont eat cows, diddle strangers, poop in the fields, the 3 tenets of their moral system" , mebzerg
"go the dicks route" , mebzerg
"titty bitch yeah" , mebzerg
"i hate minorities" , mebzerg
"'lets change topics' what i wanted to immediately say was 'so i saw this dude with like a fucking huge scrotum'" , mebzerg
"human traffickers control the skyrim mod scene" , mebzerg
"the penis is very ineffective at forethought" , mebzerg
"my ego wont allow me to hear about how other people were being funny" , mebzerg
"I misbehave here and fantasize about meb putting me in time out." , xion
"(they're convinced i'm a robot)" , idkup
"reeee data is plural" , idkup
"I love aligning my colon" , fairview
"I like talking out of my ass and making it sound like I believe it." , invar
"I like talking out of my ass and making other people believe it." , mebzerg
"Seagulls are like dick pigeons" , fairview
"This is where you take out a banana and dick on them all" , scorpia
"Come talk to me chocolate boy" , xion
"we have cute girls here like my self, iriz, and mebzerg \nmebzerg is the hottest tho \nhes the reason i stay in the guild \ni could eat him alive" , xion
"I wouldn't be iriz without my points \nI would be Irlz" , iriztha
"@A\_Passing\_Cow Welcome, please read our #spoilers for further information." , walrosskastanie
"at this rate its more an ass command than a quote command" , mebzerg